## Revise 

- 가능한한 ~하게(빠르게) : as A as possible  
    - In the most of work days I'm so impatient to do many things, so I'm in a rush.  
    -> Most of the days I work, I'm in a rush to get everything done **as quickly as possible**.

- 좀전에 : a little while ago  
    - First one, like you I went to the gym; actually I just came from the gym 30 minutes ago .  
    -> Like you, one of my resolutions is to go to the gym; I just got back from the gym **a little while ago**. 

- 이해하다 : grasp
    - I want to get full understand from that article.
    - I want to **fully grasp** the article.


- 더 적게 발생한다 : it happens much less often
    - Less situation would be happen when I read an article in Korean.  
    -> Although **it happens much less often** when I'm reading in Korean.

- **"It makes it [ADJ] for [OBJ] to [VERB]"**
   - It makes me difficult to concentrate in my work
   - It makes it difficult for me to concentrate on my work
      - It makes it easy for us to work.
      - It made it challenging for the girl to sleep

- ~은 나의 관심을 끌다 : **[NOUN] resonated with me**
- ~에 매료되다 : **be drawn to something**
   - At that time, some of philosopher keep touch my mind at the time. 
   - I **came across** many different philosophies at that time that **resonated with** me. 
  - I **was drawn** to existentialism.

- [A] is that S+V+~
   - The first one is  "Life is absurd" 
   - The first one **is that** Life is absurd. 

- resonated with [N] : ~에 감명깊다
    - I most resonated thing with is that our lot of personalities are not just born as they were but could be affected by our social relationships or structure and even coincidence when we are born.
    - I resonated most with the idea that various factors, often beyond our control, can shape who we become.
    - beyond our control = Referring to circumstances or events that are not subject to our influence or manipulation; beyond our ability to manage or alter.
    - to shape (personality) = To influence or mold the development or characteristics of someone's personality;


- Skeptical **of** [N]: ~에 대해 회의적이다
    - I'm a little bit skeptical *to* the flat tax
    - I'm slightly skeptical ***of*** the flat tax because I believe that both systems can motivate (incentivize) people to generate higher incomes.


- have gone on strike : 파업하다.
- take off their uniforms : 일을 그만두다.
    - A lot of doctor stop doing their jobs. They take off their clothes and stop work anymore.
    - A lot of doctors ***have gone on strike***. They simply take off their uniforms (scrubs) and refuse to work.


- put a strain on [someone]: ~에게 부담이되다
    - On the other hand, charging the same tax rate would ***put a strain on*** some people's disposable incomes. 


- takes place : 자리잡다, ~[언제] 이다
    - We have tax season in February.
    - Our tax season ***takes place*** in February 

- stand out : 감명깊다, 인상깊다 (=Impressive)
    - The progressive tax system already motivates people to earn more money, which is why the flat tax system doesn't really stand out to me. 


- most in favour of : ~에 선호가 높은
    - Someone who persist to apply flat tax would be rich person.
    - Those who would likely be most in favour of a flat tax are rich people. 


- [A] allows [B]
- up to [A] : 최대 A까지
    - My advanced level can dive until 30 meters.
    - My advanced level ***allows me to dive up to 30 meters***


- As we grow older : 커가면서 
- As we grow accustomed to [N] : ~에 익숙해져가면서
    - ***As we grow accustomed to these feelings***, we begin to admit the unfairness of life and we stop trying to prevent it.

- eeriness : strange/ fear 
- unsettled : uncomfortable / not at ease
    - My immediate reaction to the opening of The Metamorphasis was a feeling of eeriness and being unsettled. 

- deteriorate : to decrease/ to worsen 
    - As we age, our mobility and body starts to deteriorate 

- uprooted : completely changed
    - In one fell swoop, our lives can be uprooted and dramatically changed, however these freak incidents are often unforeseeable. 

- altered : changed/ affected 
    - COVID has altered the way that people view illness. 

- It's a huge pressure on me [O]
  - It give me a huge pressure [X] 의역문에서 발생하는 문법적 오류

- Sales drop[X] --> drop in sales[O]

- general idea : thought or something
- beget : to beget [something] is to bring something
    - If you already have a general idea of why a problem happened, using this structure to compare solutions can help beget better benefits


- closing down (= shut down)
- aforementioned : 앞서 말한 (대화 상황)
    - It ***appears*** that 10% of existing stores on this street are ***closing down*** due to the aforementioned reason - so, this drop in sales / this phenomenon is not our fault. But now, we need to determine how to compel customers to come back to this street.
    

- long-winded (adverb) : someone talks for a long time
    - He can't endure anyone being long-winded

- Flustered : emotion when you're feeling stressed or anxious because you're in a situation that you feel uncomfortable
    - She had to give a speech on stage, and it made her flustered, so she stumbled over her words."


- [X] There is no any middle man
    - There is no middle man. 
        - the NO is emphasized (There is NO milk in the house.)
    - There isn't any middle man. 
        - the "middle man" is more important (E.g. There is not any milk in the fridge.)

        